chore: add how to migrate to os sdk (#50)
SAP/cloud-sdk: README.md

$ npm install -D @sap-cloud-sdk/test-util
```

## How to switch to the Open Source version of the SAP Cloud SDK

> Please ignore this section, if you have never used the SAP Cloud SDK with the version `< 1.18.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please ignore this section, if you have never used the SAP Cloud SDK with a version `< 1.18.0`.
```

If you are using the old version of the SAP Cloud SDK, 

> you might want to understand [how to migrate to this Open Source version](./docs/how-to-switch-to-os-cloud-sdk.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using an old version of the SAP Cloud SDK, you might want to read [how to migrate to this Open Source version of the SAP Cloud SDK](./docs/how-to-switch-to-os-cloud-sdk.md).
```
